um hello i'm emma freud the system of
senior myers
she's amazing she's much much much
taller than i we are cooking I've
already prepared it but we're cooking
explain what's the name of it again we
are cooking a cheeks ravioli with a
wonderful wallnut and gates cheese
filling and a kale of vivid green
Counsel's it's really very look at this
I know it looks healthy but tasting is
what I promise tastes amazing actually
okay so I've made my kale sauce which
was just whizzing up it's the V cook
kale with garlic and olive oil garlic I
mean you know it's here it's bright
green and we're gonna add a tiny bit of
the pasta water to it yeah just to give
it just to make it a bit more liquidy
over here we've got the filling which is
goats cheese walnuts sage olive oil yeah
I find sage is quite an interesting
house I don't always know what to do
this might lead to why I've got loads of
it in my garden yes it's quite a because
it's quite strong flavour but here it
really works well kind of stars up to
the flavors and and as you say it's a
filling of course we're just eating
we're just doing the lasagna sheets
we're going to cut them into neat little
fours so rather than actually making
pesto
we've got just normal of Senya sheets
that we then yep we can cut them into
squares or fall them over and you just
look like you're kind of got a fancy
ravioli but you just work together
okay so using this up now
but did you invent this or did you steal
it from someone I as far as I know I
invented the cheats the cheating okay I
think this is um I mean even what is an
invention everything is inspired by
something but definitely the customer of
theirs and a sheet by painting that for
a while because you know the fifth
leanness of making homemade ravioli and
yes I lived with November cafe in a head
chef for about four years
you yeah as your boyfriend no named my
flatmate Joseph Chameli he's still that
still head chef he's just amazing and
Stevie Paul both my flatmates so having
them making me mad nearly all the time
did give me this total passion for pasta
but you know I've just a bit lazier I
mean you know hey maybe early great if
you got the time but this is the cheats
button Oh so hang on having made having
cooked through the center sheets were
they gonna cut them in four but no no
sorry that's evening we're just gonna
cut them in half cut the mint is not too
neat squares nice and then we can flop
them gently on top of each other and
then they just look like a kind of
lovely loose prop you're a baby that was
a Italian restaurant Kenson portrayed
that used to do the most amazing my
merely oh I mean it's
that time this game is so good there is
this thin enough yet bring school mumble
yeah that's about enough
so with thinning it out with pasta water
and the pastor was obviously scald the
flavor in it we've got salt in it and
and Sonoran it around oh well obviously
be incredibly good for you
olive oil I did realize it's one of the
key ingredients to good gut bacteria is
this something inside Oliver that reacts
with all the softener Tommy that creates
all these different you know bacteria no
Tommy like yeah that's great that's
enough now you know yeah no I'm just
saying that because it's me well they I
think I think we don't need it to let
that Chef for you do I'm gonna charge
you with doing well I think I'm just
gonna be your sous chef quite forward
for a sucia I was gonna do
[Music]
yes chef no sure that's all you know
okay here's a piece look it's already
feeding cuts at health because of the
way that you took it out to the pan am I
gonna cut it in half like this yes or in
a spice
um what's the spice okay yeah why not
square okay yeah so a little bit of this
sauce yeah chewy on the on the bottom
yeah great actually I think that's so
yeah do you think it's too much I know
you think it's too much I can tell from
your quiet British disapproval but you
think I've done too much it's gonna be
delicious look at the square of ravioli
on top look now I've got this lovely
filling Germany just watch it
alright make sure you also put a little
bit masks we don't want to like it kind
of ravioli filling yeah there we are
okay
and then another square on top
not me and then a bit more of this yeah
I laugh yeah and I'm in a bit of Paula
Zahn
and we all sit there in a bowl I love
you cuz that will stop it on my lip you
are you disapproving of my plating I'm
doing it justice
okay how's that I'm doing it slowly
that's perfect it's alright okay I'm
gonna do this from a height because
that's what it's like lovely what what
difference just doing it from a
lightning um it's just how it lands
it's just cleaning like that right do we
get to eat it
yeah I say we don't eat it okay here we
go
I love these flavors oh you're a great
guy also it's really healthy tasting but
it's really really delicious
well it's you've got a lovely lovely
greenness I love that green flavor but
thank god she's like pesto and knots I
mean that wafer in front of a movie oh I
could do that forever I'm really simple
that was easy
also it took the amount of time to make
these two than it did to cook the pasta
it's like like it the pasta cooked in
eight minutes I think and I did
everything in a minute that's amazing
and then assembling takes how long has
that just been two minutes evn it's
simple
simple food but tastes so good okay now
I'm gonna have to make some more for
everybody so olive oil olive oil yeah
same I you by batch you guys meet
captain way olive oil patch I'm sure
sustainable okay chef into that okay and
of course now we've got lovely little
starter sizes you just went back into it
didn't you I called you chef as a joke
and you were meant to say yes sure
that's sorry which went okay and that
wasn't right it wasn't the deal
now I'm chef chef yeah don't you think
it's great this recipe the way you can
do bigger or smaller squares depending
if it's a kind of little starter and
then the other thing which I think is
really chef II just quite fun what can I
do this one if you have to do we can do
it
you can always do it and they're all
kind of angle T oh that's quite close
make it look a bit you know she she no
sorry chef okay White Way chef I'm going
she she
oh yes it's like a little star now of
course you can do this you should be
olive oil as well going to do that
yeah if you have a dinner party you can
even do a little italy they speak of
chervil on Apple Africa I've got some
dill has that yeah deal amazing oh I
love that one of all yeah look at that
look at that we have a lake trip up here
we don't do close-ups gorgeous we're to
money to do close-up oh yeah do
everything in one shot yeah it's like a
movie or location